# Dungeoun-Run-Text-Based-Adventure-Game
Dungeon Run
It is based on Zork.The Dungeon has 20 rooms in total. The main aim of the game is to get the Prisoner out of the Dungeon. The game starts with the player being in the Blood bakery. The prisoner has to reach the end room (Secret Treasure Room) in order to get out of the dungeon.
At each step the prisoner will be given a  description about the place he is in right now and also about the connecting rooms. The prisoner is given directions in which he has to move in order to get to this room. In a few rooms there are also a few items placed which needs to be collected by the prisoner. There are two locked rooms which require a key to be opened. The player must follow the given path or else he is shown an unsucessful prompt. The player is also alerted about reaching the end of the Dungeon at the end of the game and given an option to restart.
Further to make it easy I have added a menu with shortcuts which the player might use to move, pickup an item, drop an item, restart, show items in the inventory and show details about the room.
I have also used ansi_format for better visualisaton of the items in a room , the items in the inventory and for highligthing that the player has finished the game.
The player also has to battle enemies in the rooms. If he is wounded twice the player loses the game and has to restart. You can also ckeck if the food is rotten or eatable now youding edible(). If the player forgets to get the spell and cannot defeat the dragon then they can opt to use the Life Potion which will allow them to get a new life and heal the wounds.
